content/certification/01-technical-skills/index.markdown, before:

---
# Configure Technical Skills Page.

## Info.
title: "Technical Skills"
subtitle: "" ## Does not shown on the Certification Main Page.
excerpt: "My technical skills and abilities in all platforms." ## Shown on the Certification Main Page, but does not shown on the Technical Skills Page.

## Metadata.
date: "2023-01-30"
author: Omer Kara
draft: false
featured: false

## Tags and Categories.
categories:
- certification
tags:
- technical-skills

## Layout.
weight: 1
---



---

TODO: SOME EXPLANATION HERE FOR THE DETAILS OF TECHNICAL SKILLS!

---

- **Programming:** [R](http://www.r-project.org/), [Python](https://www.python.org/), [SQL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQL), [SAS](http://www.sas.com/), [MATLAB](http://www.mathworks.com/products/matlab/), [GAUSS](https://www.aptech.com/)
- **Data Science:** Statistics, Econometrics, Machine Learning, [Web Scraping](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_scraping), [ETL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extract,_transform,_load), [EDA](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exploratory_data_analysis)
- **GIS:** Geo-Spatial Data, [ArcGIS](http://www.arcgis.com/features/), [QGIS](http://www.qgis.org/en/site/index.html), [GeoDa](http://geodacenter.github.io/)
- **Digital Typesetting:** [LaTeX](http://www.latex-project.org/), [BibTeX](http://www.bibtex.org/), [Markdown](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markdown)
- **Other Skills:** [R Markdown](http://rmarkdown.rstudio.com/), [shiny](https://shiny.rstudio.com/), [Azure DevOps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/devops/), [Git](https://git-scm.com/), [Reproducible Research](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reproducibility#Reproducible_research)

Commit message:

DONE (only research details is missing)

content/certification/01-technical-skills/index.markdown, after:

---
# Configure Technical Skills Page.

## Info.
title: "Technical Skills"
subtitle: "" ## Does not shown on the Certification Main Page.
excerpt: "My technical skills and abilities span across multiple platforms." ## Shown on the Certification Main Page, but does not shown on the Technical Skills Page.

## Metadata.
date: "2023-01-30"
author: Omer Kara
draft: false
featured: false

## Tags and Categories.
categories:
- certification
tags:
- technical-skills

## Layout.
weight: 1
---



## My Technical Skills
As a certified data scientist and econometrician with a Ph.D. in economics, I have a diverse range of technical skills that enable me to work effectively with complex data sets and models. My programming skills include R, Python, SQL, SAS, MATLAB, and GAUSS. These languages allow me to write and run efficient code for data manipulation, visualization, and statistical analysis.

In addition to programming, I have a solid foundation in data science techniques such as statistics, econometrics, and machine learning. I am well-versed in web scraping, ETL (Extract, Transform, Load), and EDA (Exploratory Data Analysis), all of which are critical steps in preparing data for analysis. This expertise allows me to extract meaningful insights from data and apply advanced modeling techniques to solve complex business problems.

In terms of geographic information systems (GIS), I have experience working with geo-spatial data, as well as using software such as ArcGIS, QGIS, and GeoDa to visualize and analyze geographic data, which enables me to analyze and visualize data in new and exciting ways.

As for digital typesetting, I am proficient in LaTeX and Markdown, which are essential tools for generating clear, well-structured, and high-quality documents and reports with complex technical content. Additionally, I am proficient in R Markdown and shiny, which enable me to create interactive apps, dashboards, reports, and presentations.

Finally, I have experience using Azure DevOps and Git to manage code and track changes, ensuring that my work is reproducible and collaborative. I am committed to reproducible research and strive to use best practices to ensure that my work is transparent and reproducible.

Overall, my technical skills enable me to provide valuable insights and deliver solutions that meet the complex and ever-changing demands of data-driven organizations.

## Summary
- **Programming:** [R](http://www.r-project.org/), [Python](https://www.python.org/), [SQL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQL), [SAS](http://www.sas.com/), [MATLAB](http://www.mathworks.com/products/matlab/), [GAUSS](https://www.aptech.com/)
- **Data Science:** Statistics, Econometrics, Machine Learning, [Web Scraping](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_scraping), [ETL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extract,_transform,_load), [EDA](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exploratory_data_analysis)
- **GIS:** Geo-Spatial Data, [ArcGIS](http://www.arcgis.com/features/), [QGIS](http://www.qgis.org/en/site/index.html), [GeoDa](http://geodacenter.github.io/)
- **Digital Typesetting:** [LaTeX](http://www.latex-project.org/), [BibTeX](http://www.bibtex.org/), [Markdown](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markdown)
- **Other Skills:** [R Markdown](http://rmarkdown.rstudio.com/), [shiny](https://shiny.rstudio.com/), [Azure DevOps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/devops/), [Git](https://git-scm.com/), [Reproducible Research](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reproducibility#Reproducible_research)
