content/industry/02-crack-spread/index.markdown, before:

---
# Configure Crack Spread Platform Page.

## Info.
title: "Crack Spread Platform"
subtitle: "A Shiny Web App: Crack Spread Platform"
excerpt: "As a software developer, I built a shiny web app for CHS Inc. hedging customers." ## Shown on the Industry Main Page, but does not shown on the Industry Page.

## Metadata.
date: "2023-02-02"
author: Omer Kara
draft: false
featured: false

## Options.
sidebar:
  text_link_label: "View recent industry items" ## Good Options: View recent industry items and Subscribe via RSS.
  text_link_url: /industry/ ## Good Options: /industry/ and /industry/index.xml.
  text_contents_label: "On this page"

## Links.
links:
- icon: door-open
  icon_pack: fas
  name: website
  url: "https://omerkara.shinyapps.io/crack-spread-platform/"

## Tags and Categories.
categories:
- industry
- software-developer
- CHS
tags:
- R
- R-Markdown
- shiny
- HTML
- Azure-DevOps
- crack-spread

## Layout.
layout: single ## Options: single, single-sidebar.
---



## Details
Details coming soon.

**Software Developer**
&emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; 
January 2022 - Present  
[CHS Inc.](https://www.chsinc.com/), Inver Grove Heights, MN, USA
- Job: Building the ["Crack Spread Platform"](https://omerkara.shinyapps.io/crack-spread-platform/), a shiny web app (in progress)
- Tools: [R](http://www.r-project.org/), [R Markdown](http://rmarkdown.rstudio.com/), [shiny](https://shiny.rstudio.com/), HTML, CSS, [Azure Devops](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/devops/), [Git](https://git-scm.com/), [ETL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extract,_transform,_load), [EDA](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exploratory_data_analysis)

Commit message:

DONE (only research details is missing)

content/industry/02-crack-spread/index.markdown, after:

---
# Configure Crack Spread Platform Page.

## Info.
title: "Crack Spread Platform"
subtitle: "A Shiny Web App: Crack Spread Platform"
excerpt: "As a software developer, I built a shiny web app for CHS Inc. hedging customers." ## Shown on the Industry Main Page, but does not shown on the Industry Page.

## Metadata.
date: "2023-02-02"
author: Omer Kara
draft: false
featured: false

## Options.
sidebar:
  text_link_label: "View recent industry items" ## Good Options: View recent industry items and Subscribe via RSS.
  text_link_url: /industry/ ## Good Options: /industry/ and /industry/index.xml.
  text_contents_label: "On this page"

## Links.
links:
- icon: door-open
  icon_pack: fas
  name: website
  url: "https://omerkara.shinyapps.io/crack-spread-platform/"

## Tags and Categories.
categories:
- industry
- software-developer
- CHS
tags:
- R
- R-Markdown
- shiny
- HTML
- Azure-DevOps
- crack-spread

## Layout.
layout: single ## Options: single, single-sidebar.
---



> Please note that the link at the top of this page is currently inactive because it is restricted to CHS Inc. customers only.

## Summary
<div style="overflow: hidden; margin-bottom: -14px;">
  <span style="float: left; text-align: left;"><b>Software Developer</b></span>
  <span style="float: right; text-align: right;">January 2022 - Present</span>
</div>

[CHS Inc.](https://www.chsinc.com/), Inver Grove Heights, MN, USA
- Job: Building the ["Crack Spread Platform"](https://omerkara.shinyapps.io/crack-spread-platform/), a shiny web app (in progress)
- Tools: [R](http://www.r-project.org/), [R Markdown](http://rmarkdown.rstudio.com/), [shiny](https://shiny.rstudio.com/), HTML, CSS, [Azure Devops](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/devops/), [Git](https://git-scm.com/), [ETL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extract,_transform,_load), [EDA](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exploratory_data_analysis)

## Details
I am currently employed at CHS Inc. as a Software Developer consultant. My primary focus is on building a shiny web app, the Crack Spread Platform, which allows end-users to perform crack spread calculations on demand. The app is interactive and dynamic, allowing users to change input specifications and then visualize the most recent results available.

The Crack Spread Platform has three important features that make it valuable to users.
- It allows users to interactively modify input values for crack spread calculations.
- The platform enables users to perform crack spread calculations for previous months spanning 10-15 years, and for current and future months for the next 2 years.
- Users can also see basis prices and spot crack spread for previous months and for current and future months.

During the development of the app, I use a range of statistical, econometric, and coding tools such as ETL, EDA, HTML, CSS, Azure DevOps, and Git. The Crack Spread Platform is built using R and R Markdown with the shiny package to provide an interactive and reproducible app.

Currently, the Crack Spread Platform is still in its building phase. I will share some snapshots from the app when possible.
