content/teaching/03-r-mini-bootcamp/index.markdown, before:

---
# Configure R Mini Bootcamp Page.

## Info.
title: "R Mini Bootcamp"
subtitle: "Introductory R Workshop"
excerpt: "An introductory R workshop with details that I prepared in HTML with accompanying codes during my Ph.D. degree for undergraduate students in NCSU." ## Shown on the Teaching Main Page, but does not shown on the Teaching Page.

## Metadata.
date: "2023-01-01"
author: Omer Kara
draft: false
featured: false

## Options.
sidebar:
  text_link_label: "View recent teaching items" ## Good Options: View recent teaching items and Subscribe via RSS.
  text_link_url: /teaching/ ## Good Options: /teaching/ and /teaching/index.xml.
  text_contents_label: "On this page"

## Links.
links:
- icon: door-open
  icon_pack: fas
  name: website
  url: "https://akademiekonometri.bitbucket.io/R_mini_BootCamp/R_mini_BootCamp.html"
- icon: code
  icon_pack: fas
  name: code
  url: "https://akademiekonometri.bitbucket.io/R_mini_BootCamp/R_mini_BootCamp.R"

## Tags and Categories.
categories:
- teaching
- R
tags:
- r-mini-bootcamp
- coding

## Layout.
layout: single-sidebar
---



## Details
Details coming soon.

Commit message:

DONE (only research details is missing)

content/teaching/03-r-mini-bootcamp/index.markdown, after:

---
# Configure R Mini Bootcamp Page.

## Info.
title: "R Mini Bootcamp"
subtitle: "Introductory R Workshop"
excerpt: "Details of the introductory R workshop, R Mini BootCamp, that I prepared in HTML with accompanying codes during my Ph.D. degree for undergraduate students in NCSU." ## Shown on the Teaching Main Page, but does not shown on the Teaching Page.

## Metadata.
date: "2023-01-01"
author: Omer Kara
draft: false
featured: false

## Options.
sidebar:
  text_link_label: "View recent teaching items" ## Good Options: View recent teaching items and Subscribe via RSS.
  text_link_url: /teaching/ ## Good Options: /teaching/ and /teaching/index.xml.
  text_contents_label: "On this page"

## Links.
links:
- icon: door-open
  icon_pack: fas
  name: website
  url: "https://akademiekonometri.bitbucket.io/R_mini_BootCamp/R_mini_BootCamp.html"
- icon: code
  icon_pack: fas
  name: code
  url: "https://akademiekonometri.bitbucket.io/R_mini_BootCamp/R_mini_BootCamp.R"

## Tags and Categories.
categories:
- teaching
- R
tags:
- r-mini-bootcamp
- coding

## Layout.
layout: single-sidebar ## Options: single, single-sidebar.
---



---

> This page provides details of the introductory R workshop, R Mini BootCamp, that I prepared in HTML with accompanying codes during my Ph.D. degree for undergraduate students in NCSU.

---

## What is R Mini BootCamp?
During my Ph.D. studies, I designed and conducted an introductory R workshop, called [R Mini BootCamp](https://akademiekonometri.bitbucket.io/R_mini_BootCamp/R_mini_BootCamp.html), for undergraduate students at NCSU. The workshop was tailored for absolute beginners in R and provided a comprehensive guide to the core concepts of the R programming language, including R objects, functions, and control structures.
In addition, the workshop covered practical topics such as how to install R and RStudio, to use R Markdown, and how to seek help with R-related issues. The workshop materials were created using RStudio and R Markdown, and are available in HTML format, making them easily accessible via any browser. Additionally, example code snippets were included in the content and supplied as a separate [R script](https://akademiekonometri.bitbucket.io/R_mini_BootCamp/R_mini_BootCamp.R).

## Coming Updates
Most of the content in the workshop remains up-to-date as it covers fundamental concepts in R. However, I am currently working on completing the Data, Descriptive Statistics, Exploratory Data Analysis, Linear Regression, and Simulations sections to provide a comprehensive resource for undergraduate economics students. Once the upcoming sections are finalized, the R Mini BootCamp will enable students to conduct research projects from scratch, starting from raw data and progressing to simple linear regression and econometric analysis.

## Why You Might Use R Mini BootCamp?
Overall, the R Mini BootCamp workshop provides a solid foundation for undergraduate economics students new to R, while also offering valuable insights for more experienced users looking to deepen their knowledge of this powerful data science tool.

## Where is the Source Code?
The source code for the workshop is available upon request for educational purposes only. If you would like to obtain the source code, please send me an email or leave a comment below explaining why you need it and how you intend to use it. With the source code, you can compile the same HTML workshop file on your computer after making any necessary personal modifications.

Please note that the source code is intended solely for educational purposes and should not be used for any commercial or for-profit activities. Additionally, any modifications made to the source code should be clearly documented and not distributed without my permission. Thank you for respecting these terms and I hope the workshop materials prove to be a valuable resource for your learning needs.
