content/industry/01-hog-crush/index.markdown, before:

---
# Configure Hog Crush Platform Page.

## Info.
title: "Hog Crush Platform"
subtitle: "A Shiny Web App: Hog Crush Platform"
excerpt: "As a software developer, I built a shiny web app for CHS Inc. hedging customers." ## Shown on the Industry Main Page, but does not shown on the Industry Page.

## Metadata.
date: "2023-02-01"
author: Omer Kara
draft: false
featured: false

## Options.
sidebar:
  text_link_label: "View recent industry items" ## Good Options: View recent industry items and Subscribe via RSS.
  text_link_url: /industry/ ## Good Options: /industry/ and /industry/index.xml.
  text_contents_label: "On this page"

## Links.
links:
- icon: door-open
  icon_pack: fas
  name: website
  url: "https://omerkara.shinyapps.io/hog-crush-platform/"

## Tags and Categories.
categories:
- industry
- software-developer
- CHS
tags:
- R
- R-Markdown
- shiny
- HTML
- Azure-DevOps
- hog-crush

## Layout.
layout: single ## Options: single, single-sidebar.
---



## Details
Details coming soon.

**Software Developer**
&emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; 
August 2021 - Present  
[CHS Inc.](https://www.chsinc.com/), Inver Grove Heights, MN, USA
- Job: Building the ["Hog Crush Platform"](https://omerkara.shinyapps.io/hog-crush-platform/), a shiny web app (in marketing)
- Tools: [R](http://www.r-project.org/), [R Markdown](http://rmarkdown.rstudio.com/), [shiny](https://shiny.rstudio.com/), HTML, CSS, [Azure Devops](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/devops/), [Git](https://git-scm.com/), [ETL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extract,_transform,_load), [EDA](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exploratory_data_analysis)

Commit message:

DONE (only research details is missing)

content/industry/01-hog-crush/index.markdown, after:

---
# Configure Hog Crush Platform Page.

## Info.
title: "Hog Crush Platform"
subtitle: "A Shiny Web App: Hog Crush Platform"
excerpt: "As a software developer, I built a shiny web app for CHS Inc. hedging customers." ## Shown on the Industry Main Page, but does not shown on the Industry Page.

## Metadata.
date: "2023-02-01"
author: Omer Kara
draft: false
featured: false

## Options.
sidebar:
  text_link_label: "View recent industry items" ## Good Options: View recent industry items and Subscribe via RSS.
  text_link_url: /industry/ ## Good Options: /industry/ and /industry/index.xml.
  text_contents_label: "On this page"

## Links.
links:
- icon: door-open
  icon_pack: fas
  name: website
  url: "https://omerkara.shinyapps.io/hog-crush-platform/"

## Tags and Categories.
categories:
- industry
- software-developer
- CHS
tags:
- R
- R-Markdown
- shiny
- HTML
- Azure-DevOps
- hog-crush

## Layout.
layout: single ## Options: single, single-sidebar.
---



> Please note that the link at the top of this page is currently inactive because it is restricted to CHS Inc. customers only.

## Summary
<div style="overflow: hidden; margin-bottom: -14px;">
  <span style="float: left; text-align: left;"><b>Software Developer</b></span>
  <span style="float: right; text-align: right;">August 2021 - Present</span>
</div>

[CHS Inc.](https://www.chsinc.com/), Inver Grove Heights, MN, USA
- Job: Building the ["Hog Crush Platform"](https://omerkara.shinyapps.io/hog-crush-platform/), a shiny web app (in marketing)
- Tools: [R](http://www.r-project.org/), [R Markdown](http://rmarkdown.rstudio.com/), [shiny](https://shiny.rstudio.com/), HTML, CSS, [Azure Devops](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/devops/), [Git](https://git-scm.com/), [ETL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extract,_transform,_load), [EDA](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exploratory_data_analysis)

## Details
I am currently employed at CHS Inc. as a Software Developer consultant and I work in a team of 10 people. My primary focus is on building a shiny web app, the Hog Crush Platform, which allows end-users to perform hog crush calculations on demand. The app is interactive and dynamic, allowing users to change input specifications and then visualize the most recent results available.

The Hog Crush Platform has three important features that make it valuable to users.
- It allows users to interactively modify input values for hog crush calculations.
- The platform enables users to perform hog crush calculations for previous months spanning 15-20 years, and for current and future months for the next 2 years.
- Users can also shock future prices of inputs to analyze what happens to hog crush in different circumstances.
- The platform allows users to define the basis price for inputs to calculate spot crush and basis crush values.

During the development of the app, I use a range of statistical, econometric, and coding tools such as ETL, EDA, HTML, CSS, Azure DevOps, and Git. The Hog Crush Platform is built using R and R Markdown with the shiny package to provide an interactive and reproducible app.

Currently, the Hog Crush Platform is in its marketing phase and I am excited to see how it performs in the market. I will share some snapshots from the app when possible.
